First draft of RFP for organization account project (#11)
python/request-for: 2022-PyPI/RFP.md

We hope to hire two contractors who will code, test, review, document and deploy the organization account features. The two contractors include one backend developer and one frontend developer.

Please read this RFP to know how to submit your proposal or to get in touch with us.

## Timeline

|Date|Milestone|
|---|---|
|February 16|Request for Proposal period opens|
|March 4|Request for Proposal period closes|
|March 11|Submitted proposals receive preliminary decision|
|March 18|Shortlisted proposals receive final decision|
|March 25|Contracts finalized|
|April 1|Start of contract work|

## What is the Request for Proposals period?
**A Request for Proposal (RFP)** is a process intended to allow us (the Python Software Foundation) to collect proposals from potential contractors and select contractor(s) best suited to fulfill the specified work.
After the RFP period closes we will evaluate the received proposals based on the [evaluation criteria](#evaluation-criteria), seek clarification from proposers as necessary, and select one or more contractors to complete the work specified in the [scope section](#scope).

> **Note**: This Request For Proposal document may be updated to reflect things that we learn during the process. The canonical version and history is available [here]<<here>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This Request For Proposal document may be updated to reflect things that we learn during the process. The canonical version and history is available [here](https://github.com/psf/request-for/blob/main/2022-PyPI/RFP.md).
```

## How do I submit a proposal?

Fill this [form](https://forms.gle/pdQU7WhLfJVMq9BKA) and attach the proposal as a PDF file. Form submissions without the proposal file will not be considered. 

Proposals must be submitted before the end of the day **March 4, 2022 [AoE](https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe)**

### Elements of proposal

A submission must, at a minimum, include the following elements:

- Description of the team or person that will perform the work.

>   - What Role(s) are you proposing for? Please propose for Role 1, Role 2, or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What Role(s) are you proposing for? Please propose for Frontend Developer, Backend Developer, or both.
```
